# WiseChart Database Project
My project is to build a database for a hypothetical app called WiseChart, an Electronic Health Record desktop and mobile application. Aside from being a repository for patient health information from hospitals and healthcare providers, this app can integrate with some approved wearable devices, such as smartwatches, health tracking devices, blood pressure cuffs, etc. In recent years, the number of people using wearable technology to track important health metrics has been increasing. Incorporating the data from these devices to the patient’s EHR will have a positive impact on health care delivery and patient care especially for certain patient groups, such as people with diabetes, the elderly, and patients suffering from chronic diseases. Adding this feature provides the patient and healthcare providers a broader health perspective.  I chose this project since I work in the healthcare field and I am interested in healthcare and medical innovations.  I am also familiar with the Electronic Health Record.
The app will have a patient portal which allows patients to create an account, view test results, make appointments and connect their wearable devices to the app. The Provider portal will allow doctors, nurses, therapists, and technicians to create an account, order tests, update patient’s chart and if needed, view the data generated from patient’s wearable devices. 
The database aspect of WiseChart will be the focal point of this project. The database will store patient demographic information, date, and purpose of visit, diagnosis, data from wearables, provider name, department, specialty, tests ordered, professional license number, contact information, etc. It will be continually updated as needed and patient records are easily retrieved. Access to patient information will only be limited to patients, providers and approved staff. 
